I'm Dale Young
and I'm a Net Zero specialist for Barclays
Business Bank.
A Net Zero specialist is a representative,
that's able to support customers
who are on their journey
of becoming net zero by 2050.
Now, the great thing about these
appointments, is they are done virtually,
so you can do it in the comfort
of your own home or office,
but also, you can bring multiple
people into the call.
We asked business customers to meet
one of three of the eligibility criterias.
We want to help customers break that net
zero strategy down into three scopes.
We want the customers to think
about what they can control,
such as the energy tariff.
And also, we want them to think
about things that are outside of their control.
Things like how they're
getting goods into the UK,
have they actually got a baseline in place
that will help them formulate
a plan to get to net zero by 2050.
And then we work with customers to see how
they can really meet and exceed that goal.
Another really important factor
which we help customers on
is about winning
and retaining business.
You will find that having a net zero plan
may put you on the front foot
over your competitors.
What we're finding
is, with mainly with blue chip companies,
is that they are now
contacting their supply chain,
asking them whether they actually
have a net zero plan in place.
One great memory I have is of a
business I helped called The British Emporium.
They initially started off
with a net zero plan,
but now that net zero plan has expanded
and they have now published that plan
into a policy which is now visible
on The British Emporium website.
Beyond the Policy, British Emporium,
are really putting their plan into action.
They're using LED lighting and
plastic-free shelving in-store.
They're using recyclable cups
and second-hand furniture,
and they're also sourcing
all of their products from Great Britain
to avoid long-distance travel
by air or by sea.
The sustainability journey is forever
evolving, and it's really important
that we stay close to our customers
and support them wherever we can.
It doesn’t matter what size turnover you are,
what industry you are in.
We just really are keen to support you
on the journey
of reaching your net zero objectives.